TMAP8 workshop improvements (#321)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/workshops/tutorial/content/tmap8_ver-1d_tutorial.md

# Case 2: Single Trap Type (ver-1d)

In this case, we are modeling permeation through a membrane with a constant source in which traps are operative.

Traps correspond to physical places in materials where tritium atoms can get trapped, and therefore slow down transport.
For example, tritium atoms can be trapped in interstitial sites, vacancies, dislocations, grain boundaries, pores, etc., which can all be included as trapps in the model.
These trapping sites are described with an associated density (which can evolve as a function of space, time, irradiation, etc.) and rates and energies for trapping and release.

> In the current casse, we account for one type of trapping sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current case, we account for one type of trapping site.
```

The following case will introduce a total of three trapping types.

> TMAP8 can incorporate an arbitrary number of trapping sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that TMAP8 can incorporate an arbitrary number of trapping sites.
```

# Case 3: MMS Verification Approach

> A detailed and step by step description of the method of manufacturing solution (MMS) approach is available on the [MOOSE MMS page](mms.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A detailed and step-by-step description of the method of manufactured solutions (MMS) approach is available on the [MOOSE MMS page](mms.md).
```
